Add relationships, filters and sparse-fieldsets pages (#9)
MewsSystems/gitbook-pos-api: essential-guide/filtering.md

# Filtering

> Mews POS API supports filtering using the JSON:API reserved `filter` query parameter. The `filter` query parameter can be used to filter resources by attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Mews POS API__ supports filtering using the JSON:API `filter` query parameter. The `filter` query parameter can be used to filter resources by attributes.
```

> 

Reviewer: I would probably lose the paragraph space here
```suggestion
```

Please note that support for filters is endpoint-specific. Visit the documentation of an endpoint to get more details about the supported filters.

> It is recommended to always URI-encode the values of the filter query parameters as filters can contain unsafe URL characters.

Reviewer: I recommend a breakout box here; also switch to 'active voice'.
```suggestion
> **Unsafe characters**: We recommend you always URI-encode the values of filter query parameters, because filters can contain unsafe URL characters.
```

### Supported filters

> | Property | Type | Contract | Description | Raw example | Encoded example |

Reviewer: From experience with GitBook, I would recommend to redesign this table to have less columns. GitBook squeezes its content into quite a narrow space on the page and all table columns are equal-spaced. What this means is that deep tables work better than wide tables. Is it possible for example to put the Raw and Encoded examples in the Description column, using <br> to put them on new lines?

Author: @MikeAdamsMews I will give it a try.

| :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- | :-- |

> | `createdAtGt` | string | optional | Date-time in RFC 3339 format. | `filter[createdAtGt]=2024-07-25T16:29:35+00:00` | `filter%5BcreatedAtGt%5D=2024-07-25T16%3A29%3A35%2B00%3A00` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `createdAtGt` | string | optional | Date-time the resource was created, in RFC 3339 format. | `filter[createdAtGt]=2024-07-25T16:29:35+00:00` | `filter%5BcreatedAtGt%5D=2024-07-25T16%3A29%3A35%2B00%3A00` |
```

> We shall be adding support for more filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We plan to add support for more filters in future.
```
